Devo v2 enh (#32132)
demisto/content: Packs/Devo/ReleaseNotes/1_3_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Devo v2

> - Added new parameter "fields_to_view" in devo-run-query, devo-get-alerts and devo-multi-table-query to filter out the specific fields in results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new argument ***fields_to_view*** to the commands ***devo-run-query***, ***devo-get-alerts*** and ***devo-multi-table-query*** to filter out the specific fields in results.
```
